Update contributing docs for new dev server (#341)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz: CONTRIBUTING.md

npm run start:api --project_path=<path-to-Kedro-project>
```

This command will launch a Kedro-Viz server at [localhost:4142](http://localhost:4142) and serve data from a real Kedro pipeline located at the project path supplied to the command. From then on, launching the app locally at [localhost:4141](http://localhost:4141) will pull data from the Kedro-Viz server that is running on port 4142. 

> Note: Once the development server is launched at port 4142, the local app will always pull data from that server. To prevent this, you can comment out the proxy setting in `package.json` and restart the dev server at port 4141.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Once the development server is launched at port 4142, the local app will always pull data from that server. To prevent this, you can comment out the proxy setting in `package.json` and restart the dev server at port 4141.
```

Reviewer: Just adding some formatting to your note.

Author: Thank you @stichbury ! I'll add that in.

Author: on going through the notes again while adding the suggested formatting, I noticed on line 42 of the docs that we use `> _Note:_` to format notes instead of `> **Note**` - my guess is to follow the previous formatting? ( I could also change the formatting within the entire document to follow `> **Note**` instead as well.) @stichbury WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I agree, bold is probably better than italics for this, and I'd change the other one to use bold as well, for consistency's sake

This command will launch a Kedro-Viz server at [localhost:4142](http://localhost:4142) and serve data from a real Kedro pipeline located at the project path supplied to the command.

> From then on, launching the app locally at [localhost:4141] will pull data from the Kedro-Viz server that is running on port 4142. (note: once the development server is launched at port 4142 the local app will always pull data from that server - to disable that, you could comment out the proxy setting in `package.json` and relaunch your app.)

Reviewer 2: > [localhost:4141]

This should be 

```
[localhost:4141](http://localhost:4141)
```

> This command will launch a Kedro-Viz server at [localhost:4142](http://localhost:4142) and serve data from a real Kedro pipeline located at the project path supplied to the command.
> 
> From then on, launching the app locally at [localhost:4141] will pull data from the Kedro-Viz server that is running on port 4142. (note: once the development server is launched at port 4142 the local app will always pull data from that server - to disable that, you could comment out the proxy setting in `package.json` and relaunch your app.)

Reviewer 2: Wording/formatting suggestion:

```suggestion
This command will launch a Kedro-Viz server at [localhost:4142](http://localhost:4142) and serve data from a real Kedro pipeline located at the project path supplied to the command. From then on, launching the app locally at [localhost:4141](http://localhost:4141) will pull data from the Kedro-Viz server that is running on port 4142.

Note: Once the development server is launched at port 4142, the local app will always pull data from that server. To prevent this, you can comment out the proxy setting in `package.json` and relaunch your app.
```

Reviewer 2: > relaunch your app

By this, do you mean restart the dev server at 4141? If so, I'd say that instead.

Author: sounds good, I'll state that instead.
